different ammo for every weapon.

different guns...guns can shoot without stoping since u click and guns just two (search for guns from the real life if the game is still smth in the real life) - Shotting range I mean ofc there is weapons the range of it is not that long.

types of flashlight...and flashlight can die the small enemies and batteries for just one falshlight and different types of it which is make the flashlight more lighting if its high quality battary and time for it and capacity.....etc.

the game dont have a rly mession the game is not like moving in a castle and kill the enemies no its just hit the enemy and he will come to u(different speed movment for every one) and run away w things else.....

mby the game will be dark and have a flashlight just can be on for a couple of mins



----------------more organized "supposed to be"
-Enemy(s): the same idea in the video the enemy comes to u when u hit him/her and ofc the enemies have different speed movment and health.

-Weapons(s): it will be Firearm: 
1.Glock 17: one click one shot - 1 Shot -> 20 Damage |range is not that long "if u can make it!"
2. FN SCAR: since u still click it will shoot 4 shots - 1 Shot -> 30 Damage |range is mid long "if u can make it!"
3. FAMAS: since u still click it will shoot 6 shots (the most damaged weapon) - 1 Shot -> 70 Damage |range is long "if u can make it!"



-Props: Flashlight: u have these lights when u start the game and u have Pressurized Gas Flashlights have battary and the other dont have: LED Flashlights and need to get for it  battery.
there is flashlight can make enemis that can make 10 damage: Pressurized Gas Flashlights. | small battary: will make it on its full light(not high as the LED Flashlights) "without the feture of dead" . big battary: more lighting which is can make the enemy died. and both of the battaries will die after 5mis using
there is normal light its: LED Flashlights | small battary: mid the lighting . big battary: the full lighting of it. and both of the battaries will die after 10mis using


-Environment: dark zombie game not that big world 
and have zombies dead on the floor and a thing have an animation moving like a platform....the target in the game is to go to find a fan cuz the weather is hot :) and for the future fight for stupid needed things :)
mby put the ammo in hard places and well he need the ammo..





Dont shoot when dead